Es aceptada cuando llega al final, sino se dice que fue rechazada. 
→ Todas los autómatas son secuencias. 

### 1.3.1 Mathematical terminology  
##### Sets and how to write them:
- Group of objects represented as a unit.  
- Contain any type of object including numbers, symbols, and even other sets.
- Object in a set are called <span style="color:#ff8000">elements</span> or <span style="color:#ff8000">members</span>. 
- Infinite sets contains infinitely many elements. We write them by using "..."" .
- Type of sets: 
	- Singleton set: Just one member ( {2}  or { } or {1}  )
	- Unordered pair: Set with 2 members. 
- Write according a rule →  {n | rule about n}
- A sequence of k elements is a k-tuple. 3-tuple (7 , 21 , 57).
- F is a function with domain D and range R is f: D → R.

### 1.3.2 Finite Automaton 
 Let define it formal as a set of states and rules for going from one state to another, depending on the input symbol. Formally it's consider a list of those five objects: set of states, input alphabet, rules for moving, start state and accept states. In math a list of 5 elements is a 5-tuple.
 → **Transition function** : Define the rules for moving. Example: 
 If finite automation has an arrow from a state x to a state y labeled with the inputs symbol 1, that means that if the automation is in state x when it reads a 1, it then moves to state y. And we indicate it as  $\delta (x,1) = y$. 
 So this is the formal way to denotate a finite automata. 
   
 















----
Information from: Michael Sipser